New pattern - bedrock-guardrails-cross-account-cdk (#3067)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: bedrock-guardrails-cross-account-cdk/README.md

> # Bedrock Guardrails Account-Level Enforcement

Reviewer: Please make sure to use the full service name on first mentions.

Author: Sorry about that. updated to "Amazon Bedrock Guardrails" on first mention throughout.

> This pattern deploys an Amazon Bedrock Guardrail with content and topic filters, enforces it at the account level so ALL Bedrock API calls are automatically guarded, and provides a test Lambda that demonstrates the enforcement without specifying any guardrailIdentifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pattern deploys an Amazon Bedrock Guardrail with content and topic filters, enforces it at the account level so ALL Bedrock API calls are automatically guarded, and provides a test AWS Lambda function that demonstrates the enforcement without specifying any guardrail identifier.
```

Author: Applied your suggestion, thanks.

Learn more about this pattern at Serverless Land Patterns: https://serverlessland.com/patterns/bedrock-guardrails-cross-account-cdk

Important: this application uses various AWS services and there are costs associated with these services after the Free Tier usage - please see the [AWS Pricing page](https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/) for details. You are responsible for any AWS costs incurred. No warranty is implied in this example.

## Requirements

* [Create an AWS account](https://portal.aws.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html) if you do not already have one and log in. The IAM user that you use must have sufficient permissions to make necessary AWS service calls and manage AWS resources.
* [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html) installed and configured
* [Git Installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)

> * [Node.js 18+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed

Reviewer: update to a non-EOL version

Author: Updated to Node.js 20+.

> * [Node.js 20+](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) installed

Reviewer: Node 20 went EOL in April, please use a current version

Author: Updated to Node.js 24.

│  CDK Deploy  │────▶│  1. CfnGuardrail (content + topic filters)               │
└─────────────┘     │  2. AwsCustomResource → CreateGuardrailVersion            │
                    │  3. AwsCustomResource → PutEnforcedGuardrailConfiguration │
                    │  4. Lambda (test function)                                 │
                    └──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘

┌─────────────┐     ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│  Test Lambda │────▶│  Bedrock Converse API (no guardrailIdentifier specified)  │
│  Invocation  │     │                                                          │
└─────────────┘     │  Safe prompt: "What is Amazon S3?" → ✅ passes through    │
                    │  Violating prompt: "What stocks should I buy?" → ❌ blocked│
                    └──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

## How it works

1. **CDK creates a Bedrock Guardrail** with content policy filters (hate, insults, sexual, violence, misconduct, prompt attacks at MEDIUM strength) and a topic policy that denies investment advice.

> 2. **An AwsCustomResource creates a guardrail version** — required before enforcement can be enabled.

Reviewer: Why is a custom resource necessary here?

Author: Hi Ben, Thank you for reviewing this request. CloudFormation doesn't have a native resource type for CreateGuardrailVersion or PutEnforcedGuardrailConfiguration yet : these are API-only operations. AwsCustomResource lets us call them declaratively during stack lifecycle without writing a full Lambda handler.

Reviewer: I think it does: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/TemplateReference/aws-resource-bedrock-enforcedguardrailconfiguration.html

Author: You're right, thanks for the link. Removed the custom resource and switched to the native CFN resource.

Author: You were right. Replaced the custom resource with the native AWS::Bedrock::EnforcedGuardrailConfiguration resource. Thank you for your time and help.

- **Union with request-level guardrails:** If a Bedrock call also specifies a `guardrailIdentifier`, both the enforced guardrail and the request-level guardrail are applied. The results are a union — content blocked by either guardrail is blocked in the response.

- **IAM requirements:** The deploying role needs `bedrock:PutEnforcedGuardrailConfiguration` and `bedrock:DeleteEnforcedGuardrailConfiguration` permissions. The test Lambda needs `bedrock:InvokeModel` and `bedrock:ApplyGuardrail`.

- **SDK availability:** The `PutEnforcedGuardrailConfigurationCommand` is not available in the Lambda runtime SDK at the time of writing. This pattern uses AwsCustomResource (which bundles the latest SDK) to work around this limitation.

- **inputTags deprecation:** The `inputTags` parameter in the enforcement configuration is being deprecated in favor of `selectiveContentGuarding`. This pattern uses `IGNORE` for inputTags as a placeholder.

----

> Copyright 2025 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright 2026 Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
```

Author: Fixed to 2026.
